For fifty-two of the architects, we collected data about how they finance their travels.
This information about funding sources is divided into the five categories of
commissioned work, independent wealth, private sponsorship, architectural family business, and scholarship.
The interactive graph reveals these dynamics of the economy of travel, both in individual stories and in aggregate.
Amateurs mostly funded their travels solely by way of independent wealth,
while most other architects combine multiple funding sources, as revealed by the many overlaps among the groupings in the graph.
The one amateur not appearing in the individual wealth group is Sir Andrew Fountaine,
but not because there's an alternative data point for him, but rather an absence of information.
There are two instances of scholarship, a support mechanism that started appearing in the 18th century,
both of which appear together with commissioned work.
[ Silence ]